Release v2021.12.17-0 (#632)
replicatedhq/kurl.sh: src/release-notes/v2021.12.17-0.md

---
date: "2021-12-14"
version: "v2021.12.14-0"
weight: 202112140
---

### <span class="label label-green">New Features</span>
- Added experimental support for [IPv6](https://kurl.sh/docs/install-with-kurl/ipv6) enabled hosts.
- Added support for Containerd 1.4.8 through 1.4.12.

### <span class="label label-orange">Bug Fixes</span>
- Fixed missing annotation warnings for namespaces/projectcontour when the Contour add-on is enabled.
- Fixed an installer RPM error when migrating from Docker to Containerd.
- Fixed Contour 1.7.0 error, "no matches for IdId ~G_v1_Service|~X|envoy; failed to find unique target for patch ~G_v1_Service|envoy", for newer versions of Kubernetes.

> - Fixed an issue that caused the kURL API to fail generating unique installer ids when changing the `kurl.hostPreflights` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue that caused the kURL API to fail generating unique installer IDs when changing the `kurl.hostPreflights` property.
```

---
date: "2021-12-14"
version: "v2021.12.14-0"
weight: 202112140
---

### <span class="label label-green">New Features</span>
- Added experimental support for [IPv6](https://kurl.sh/docs/install-with-kurl/ipv6) enabled hosts.
- Added support for Containerd 1.4.8 through 1.4.12.

### <span class="label label-orange">Bug Fixes</span>

> - Fix namespaces/projectcontour missing annotation warning when Contour add-on is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed missing annotation warnings for namespaces/projectcontour when the Contour add-on is enabled.
```

> - Fix installer RPM error when migrating from Docker to Containerd.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an installer RPM error when migrating from Docker to Containerd.
```

> - Fix Contour 1.7.0 error "no matches for IdId ~G_v1_Service|~X|envoy; failed to find unique target for patch ~G_v1_Service|envoy" for newer versions of Kubernetes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed Contour 1.7.0 error, "no matches for IdId ~G_v1_Service|~X|envoy; failed to find unique target for patch ~G_v1_Service|envoy", for newer versions of Kubernetes.
```

> - Fixed an issue that would cause the kURL API to fail to generate unique installer ids when changing the `kurl.hostPreflights` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue that caused the kURL API to fail generating unique installer ids when changing the `kurl.hostPreflights` property.
```

> - 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
